Hi, everyone, in this lecture, I want to talk about the role of JavaScript in what development?
All right, so as far as Web development is concerned, we have three main underlying technologies.
The first one is HTML or hypertext markup language.
The second one is Cyesis or cascading style sheets.
And the third one, the third main one is JavaScript.
All right.
So HDMI, as the name sounds, is a hyper text markup language.
It is a markup language.
It is responsible for the content.
It is responsible for the structure of the Web page.
All right.
So any content, any text, any link, any sort of table, anything, any image that you see on the
Web, that's HDMI, that's what e-mail is responsible for.
The flow of the e-mail document actually defines the structure of any website.
All right, then we have access, which is the like the sort of like the makeup of the language.
OK, it's not markup, it's makeup.
Like, it's it's like making Web pages more beautiful.
All right.
So it is a stylesheet language.
OK, then we have JavaScript, JavaScript is a programming language who's one of whose applications
is creating front end Web applications, right.
So when we talk about front end web application, it means that we are activating our Web pages.
We are making them more dynamic and we are making them interactive.
So what does interactive mean?
Interactive means that the website actually talks to a user.
OK, the website grabs the user's password and username and allows it to enter.
It's his or her account.
Right.
And also not only that, what pages also or web applications not only interact with the user, but they
also interact with other applications or or servers as well.
That is the job of JavaScript as well.
Now, this all might seem like vague and ambiguous, but we are going to get to this to the fun stuff
very, very soon.
So see you guys in the next lecture.